Runtime 5.0.6 release notes (#901)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

description: Release notes for Astro Runtime, the differentiated Apache Airflow experience and execution framework.
---

Astro Runtime is a Docker image built and published by Astronomer that extends the Apache Airflow project to provide a differentiated data orchestration experience. This document provides a summary of changes made to each available version of Astro Runtime. Note that some changes to Runtime might be omitted based on their availability in Astro.

To upgrade Astro Runtime, see [Upgrade Astro Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md). For general product release notes, see [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

## Astro Runtime 5.0.6

- Release date: July 11, 2022
- Airflow version: 2.3.3

> Astro Runtime 5.0.3 includes same-day support for Airflow 2.3.3, which includes bug fixes and UI improvements. For a complete list of commits, see the [Apache Airflow 2.3.3 milestone on GitHub](https://github.com/apache/airflow/milestone/57?closed=1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime 5.0.6 includes Airflow 2.3.3, which includes bug fixes and UI improvements. For a complete list of commits, see the [Apache Airflow 2.3.3 milestone on GitHub](https://github.com/apache/airflow/milestone/57?closed=1).
```

Not same day.

description: Release notes for Astro Runtime, the differentiated Apache Airflow experience and execution framework.
---

Astro Runtime is a Docker image built and published by Astronomer that extends the Apache Airflow project to provide a differentiated data orchestration experience. This document provides a summary of changes made to each available version of Astro Runtime. Note that some changes to Runtime might be omitted based on their availability in Astro.

To upgrade Astro Runtime, see [Upgrade Astro Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md). For general product release notes, see [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

## Astro Runtime 5.0.6

- Release date: July 11, 2022
- Airflow version: 2.3.3

Astro Runtime 5.0.6 includes Airflow 2.3.3, which includes bug fixes and UI improvements. For a complete list of commits, see the [Apache Airflow 2.3.3 milestone on GitHub](https://github.com/apache/airflow/milestone/57?closed=1).

> ### Backported fixes from Airflow 2.3.4

Reviewer: I mimicked the language used in 5.0.5 for this, but I want to point out that referencing a future release is risky - there may not ever be a 2.3.4, it could end up just being 2.4.0 instead.

Author: Thats a good shout, I'm gonna try to make these version-agnostic in the future.

Astro Runtime 5.0.6 includes several bug fixes that were backported from Airflow 2.3.4, which is not yet generally available. Fixes include:

> - Fix zombie task handling with multiple schedulers ([#24906](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/24906))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed zombie task handling with multiple schedulers ([#24906](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/24906))
```
